Add support for field-local `%error` handlers. (#1838)
zeek/spicy: doc/programming/parsing.rst

declare the same ``%context`` type. Processing will abort at
runtime with a type mismatch error if that's not the case.

.. _error_handling:

Error Handling
===============

> Whenever a parser encounters an unexpected situation during
> processing, it triggers a runtime error. This includes parsing errors
> due to input that does match the current unit; failing :ref:`&requires
> <attribute_requires>` conditions; and also any logic errors in hooks,
> such as attempting to read an unset unit field or accessing an invalid
> vector index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a parser encounters an unexpected situation during
processing it triggers a runtime error. This includes parsing errors
due to input that does not match the current unit, failing :ref:`&requires
<attribute_requires>` conditions, and also any logic errors in hooks
such as attempting to read an unset unit field or accessing an invalid
vector index.
```

> By default, any runtime error will cause the parsing to terminate
> immediately, with a corresponding error message reported back to the
> host application. The Spicy parser will not be able to continue
> processing afterwards. However, there are a couple of ways to catch
> *parsing errors* (but not other runtime errors) and potentially
> recover from them, which we discuss in the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any runtime error will cause parsing to terminate
immediately with a corresponding error message reported back to the
host application. The Spicy parser will not be able to continue
processing afterwards. However, there are a couple of ways to catch
*parsing errors* (but not other runtime errors) and potentially
recover from them, which we discuss in the following.
```

Author: I think this is fine.

.. _parsing_errors:

A unit can provide special :ref:`%error hooks <unit_hooks>` that will
execute when a parsing error is encountered. A unit-wide ``%error``
hook will catch all parsing errors occurring anywhere inside the unit,
including any sub-units (if not otherwise handled by the sub-unit
itself already). Example:

.. code-block:: spicy

    module MyModule;

    type MyType = unit {
        magic: b"MAGIC";

        on %error(msg: string) {
            print "Error when parsing MyUnit: ", msg;
        }
    };

The ``msg`` parameter is optional. If it's specified, it will contain
an error message describing the issue.

By default, even with an ``%error`` hook in place, the parser will
still terminate after executing the hook. To change that, the hook may
use :ref:`backtracking` to specify where to continue parsing after the
error. Alternatively, if :ref:`automatic error recovery
<error_recovery>` is in place, the parser will attempt recovery after

> the hooks has executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the error hooks have executed.
```

.. versionadded:: 1.12 Per-field ``%error`` handler

Rather than defining a unit-wide ``%error`` hook, it is also possible

> to just have an individual field catch its own parsing errors. The
> easiest way to do this is to attach an ``%error`` attribute to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to handle parsing errors on a per-field basis. The
simplest way to do this is to attach an ``%error`` attribute to an
```

Author: It's fine.

inline hook:

.. code-block:: spicy

    module My;

    type MyType = unit {
        magic: b"MAGIC" %error { # will run if magic cannot be parsed
            print "magic not found";
        }
    };

> To get access to the error message as well, define it out of line like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get access to the error message define the hook out of line like this:
```
